README.md, before:

# SpecDB

SpecDB is a beautiful and easy-to-use AMD equivalent to Intel's ARK. It's powered by Mithril and Browserify on the front-end, and has no backend (just static files).

SpecDB (master branch) is live at https://specdb.info/, and the beta branch is deployed at https://beta.specdb.info/

Visit our [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/xfVHZAb) to chat with other developers!

Look at the [wiki](https://github.com/markasoftware/SpecDB/wiki) for more detailed technical info than this readme!

## Setting up

1. Clone the rep
2. Move to cloned directory
3. Update your Node.js to latest version (see https://nodejs.org )
4. Run `npm install` to get Node.js dependencies
5. On *nix (Linux, Mac, BSD, etc), run `build/build.bash` from the cloned directory to build. On windows, do `build\build-win.bat`

*Note: we previously recommended running `npm run build` to build.
This is no longer recommended because npm introduces a significant performance overhead for some reason, and would be hard to make cross-platform.
That being said, it will still work and just runs `build/build.bash` internally.*

Then, you can view SpecDB at file:///home/markasoftware/whatever/specdb/, which should be good enough for development. You may wish to use a proper file server, like Nginx, instead.

## Contributing

Specs are in the specs/ folder. You can probably see how they're done by looking at the files there, but there's more detailed documentation in the [wiki](https://github.com/markasoftware/SpecDB/wiki). Additionally, some rudimentary Node.js scripts which can be used to make part creation a bit easier are there.

To contribute, please make a fork, and in your fork branch off from master to something like `myusername-bulldozer-cpus`, and when making a pull request, go from that branch to `beta`.

## BrowserStack

![BrowserStack logo](https://www.browserstack.com/images/layout/browserstack-logo-600x315.png)

Browserstack won't let me get their open-source plan without including their logo here. I can tell they really love open source and aren't just trying to get free advertising. Especially since the Browserstack backend/whatever is used to do real-device testing remotely isn't open source. But whatever, they're the only ones who provide decent real-device testing so I guess I have to use them because I don't want to buy Apple shit.

Commit message:

Clear up instructions for setting up project

README.md, after:

# SpecDB

SpecDB is a beautiful and easy-to-use AMD equivalent to Intel's ARK. It's powered by Mithril and Browserify on the front-end, and has no backend (just static files).

SpecDB (master branch) is live at https://specdb.info/, and the beta branch is deployed at https://beta.specdb.info/

Visit our [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/xfVHZAb) to chat with other developers!

Look at the [wiki](https://github.com/markasoftware/SpecDB/wiki) for more detailed technical info than this readme!

## Setting up

1. Update your Node.js to latest version (see https://nodejs.org)
2. Clone the repo — `git clone https://github.com/markasoftware/SpecDB.git`
3. `cd SpecDB`
4. `npm install` — install project dependencies
5. In the project's root directory, execute `build/build.bash` to build it. If you're on Windows, run `build\build-win.bat` instead.

*Note: We previously suggested `npm run build` for the build step.
This is no longer recommended because npm introduces a significant performance overhead for some reason, and would be hard to make cross-platform.
That being said, it will still work and just runs `build/build.bash` internally.*

Then, you can view SpecDB at file:///home/markasoftware/whatever/specdb/, which should be good enough for development. You may wish to use a proper file server, like Nginx, instead.

## Contributing

Specs are in the specs/ folder. You can probably see how they're done by looking at the files there, but there's more detailed documentation in the [wiki](https://github.com/markasoftware/SpecDB/wiki). Additionally, some rudimentary Node.js scripts which can be used to make part creation a bit easier are there.

To contribute, please make a fork, and in your fork branch off from master to something like `myusername-bulldozer-cpus`, and when making a pull request, go from that branch to `beta`.

## BrowserStack

![BrowserStack logo](https://www.browserstack.com/images/layout/browserstack-logo-600x315.png)

Browserstack won't let me get their open-source plan without including their logo here. I can tell they really love open source and aren't just trying to get free advertising. Especially since the Browserstack backend/whatever is used to do real-device testing remotely isn't open source. But whatever, they're the only ones who provide decent real-device testing so I guess I have to use them because I don't want to buy Apple shit.
